docs: Update instructions to disable countme (#2671)
coreos/rpm-ostree: docs/countme.md

## Disabling DNF Count Me on a system

To disable this feature, you need to stop and disable the
`rpm-ostree-countme.timer` and mask the corresponding units as a precaution:

```
$ systemctl disable --now rpm-ostree-countme.timer

> $ systemctl mask rpm-ostree-countme.service rpm-ostree-countme.timer

Reviewer: I'd condense this to `systemctl mask --now rpm-ostree-countme.{service,timer}`.

Reviewer: Really just disabling/masking the timer should be enough right?

Also actually related to this I thought we had some discussion about pulling in countme by default via `Wants=` - did that happen somewhere?  And if so, we should `Wants=rpm-ostree-countme.timer` right?

Reviewer: OK right the `Wants=` is in https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/fedora-release/pull-request/173#request_diff

So I think just `systemctl mask --now rpm-ostree-countme.timer` is enough.  The service shouldn't be started outside of that.

Author: I wanted to be completely exhaustive but I guess that makes it harder / scarier than necessary.

If you have packages layered on top of the base image from an RPM repository,
then you will have to make sure that the `countme` option is disabled there
until we fix [this issue in libdnf](TODO):

```

> sed -i 's/countme=1/countme=0/g' /etc/yum.repos.d/*.repo

Reviewer 2: Minor: the previous shell block uses `$` so to be consistent either we should add it here too or remove it from the previous one.

```

> Note that once you do that, those repository configuraion files will be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that once you do that, those repository configuration files will be
```

> Note that once you do that, those repository configuraion files won't be
> tracked by ostree/rpm-ostree anymore thus you will have to update them manually
> when major Fedora version rebase happen such as moving from Fedora 33 to Fedora
> 34 for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that once you do that, those repository configuration files will be locally
modified, and ostree will hence ignore any other changes to the defaults.
```

Reviewer: In particular, this bit 
>  you will have to update them manually when major Fedora version rebase happen such as moving from Fedora 33 to Fedora 34 for example.

I think isn't accurate because the repo files use `$releasever` - and rpm-ostree will actually pick up that value from the new tree when rebasing (and when upgrading).  In fact correctly handling `$releasever` in this way is a lot of the reason we take the latency hit of "Checking out base tree" on operations.

Author: Pushed a slightly modified version to mention where the default config is stored.
